[Documentation] Add Sentence Transformers Guide and Notebook (#434)
huggingface/optimum-neuron: docs/source/tutorials/sentence_transformers.mdx

<!---
Copyright 2023 The HuggingFace Team. All rights reserved.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.
-->
# Sentence Transformers on AWS Inferentia with Optimum Neuron

_There is a notebook version of that tutorial [here](https://github.com/huggingface/optimum-neuron/blob/main/notebooks/sentence-transformers/getting-started.ipynb)._

> This guide explains how to convert, load, and use [Sentence Transformers (SBERT)](https://www.sbert.net/) models on AWS Inferentia2 using Optimum Neuron, enabling efficient calculation of embeddings. Sentence Transformers are powerful model for generating sentence embeddings. You can use this Sentence Transformers to compute sentence / text embeddings for more than 100 languages. These embeddings can then be compared e.g. with cosine-similarity to find sentences with a similar meaning. This can be useful for semantic textual similar, semantic search, or paraphrase mining.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This guide explains how to compile, load, and use [Sentence Transformers (SBERT)](https://www.sbert.net/) models on AWS Inferentia2 with Optimum Neuron, enabling efficient calculation of embeddings. Sentence Transformers are powerful models for generating sentence embeddings. You can use this Sentence Transformers to compute sentence / text embeddings for more than 100 languages. These embeddings can then be compared e.g. with cosine-similarity to find sentences with a similar meaning. This can be useful for semantic textual similarity, semantic search, or paraphrase mining.
```

```python
from optimum.neuron import NeuronModelForSentenceTransformers

# Sentence Transformers model from HuggingFace
model_id = "BAAI/bge-small-en-v1.5"
input_shapes = {"batch_size": 1, "sequence_length": 384}  # mandatory shapes

# Load Transformers model and export it to AWS Inferentia2
model = NeuronModelForSentenceTransformers.from_pretrained(model_id, export=True, **input_shapes)

# Save model to disk
model.save_pretrained("bge_emb_inf2/")
```

Here we will use the `optimum-cli` to convert the model. Similar to the `NeuronModelForSentenceTransformers` we need to define our input shape and batch size. The input shape is defined by the `sequence_length` and the batch size by `batch_size`. The `optimum-cli` will automatically convert the model to a format compatible with AWS Inferentia2 and save it to the specified output directory.

```bash

> !optimum-cli export neuron -m BAAI/bge-small-en-v1.5 --library-name sentence_transformers --sequence_length 384 --batch_size 1 --task feature-extraction bge_emb_inf2/

Reviewer: ```suggestion
optimum-cli export neuron -m BAAI/bge-small-en-v1.5 --library-name sentence_transformers --sequence_length 384 --batch_size 1 --task feature-extraction bge_emb_inf2/
```

since it's not a jupyter notebook
